## Why I am working on Besua? 

I was really good academically during my early childhood. I just got things. Although I don't have any memory of learning after school. I would rather spend that time going to a somewhat filthy park to play soccer with other childhood friends who didn't care either. I was really good at playing soccer too. I loved every bit of it and always looked forward to it after school. Sometimes I wouldn't even have a stop after school before getting home and join other kids by the street playing soccer. It was a lot of fun. Well, not only because I was really good at it and could dribble a whole park but more of I couldn't quite figure out why I was good. I mean. I didn't know how to do any neymar-like skill. I just could always bypass anyone takling me if I had the ball with just simple left-right tricks. As I got younger, times when I wasn't playing, I was drawing. One of my favorite memories is when I drew Jesus's last supper dinning with his disciples. It was one of my best work. 

I was transferred to another school for primary years. I was supposed to get to class two but was taken back to class one as they stated that I looked too small (obviously) and even atop that, class two was full. So small little unlucky Eric had to go back to class 1. I have no profound memories of what happen there. Only that I wasn't the top of my class as I was in the previous school. Although, I always seemed to know the right answer to most questions asked by the teacher but I never dared to raise my hands. New school, New friends, Nobody likes a smart small kid. 

We could write exams and I remember I would be in top 10. Not top 5. I couldn't understand why I wasn't the top of my class though. I was fine.  This changed in upper-primary years(class 5).  I moved into a new class and got a new teacher. She was awesome! She had this assistant that was also awesome! I sort of found more confidence to answer questions in class. And all my answer were right. Most times. I wanted to impress the assistant. She was new there. My performance in class did not reflex in the exams though. I was still  in the top 10 but not top .... 

### Where things starting changing. 

In the last semester of class 5. I remember I decided I was going to put in real effort this time and try to top my class or at least get into the top 5. 

I would come back from school and immediately go to our storage room. I called it my lab. I remember self-learning late into the night. Going over what had been thought in school and learning ahead. Couple of months later, as you would guess, we wrote exams, and I was the top of the class. Although the day that I heard I had taken the 1st position, I fell insanely sick when I got home for more than weeks-months. I was urinating blood-colored liquid and I thought I was going to die. That is another story for another day. 

That first glory. Taking the first position, kickstarted some incredible times for me. Perhaps some of my best years. I was first again for the next exams, and the next and the next. Moved to Junior High School, wrote an entrance exams and I came at the top again with perhaps the best total score the schooll had ever seen in it's history (a moment of justifiable gloat). Yeah. It was great. I won a scholarship. so I didn't have to pay school fees throughout my entire years in junior high. After Junior High, things went downwards aferwards. But one thing stood out to me. If I understood what the teacher teaches in class for the first class, or few few, all I had to do was learn on my own afterwards. I could solve almost every variation of question under that specific topic and even apply the knowledge to solve others from different topics If I could see a relation. But first and most importantly, the first few classes with the teacher, I needed to understand it. And I keep using 'first few' because it is precisely that. Those were the most important. We all had the books. If the lessons in the first few were understood, I could go ahead and solve all questions in the actual books. It almost felt as if teacher were just wasting time after the first few classes because It wouldn't make a difference for me.



